What's New in DevTools (Chrome 111) (#5312)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/new-in-devtools-111/index.md

description: ""
hero: 'image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/GZr06vqTxoJGEIXVqXT9.png'
alt: 'Debugging HD color, enhanced breakpoint UX, and more'
tags:
  - new-in-devtools
  - devtools
  - chrome-111
---

{% Partial 'devtools/banner.md' %}

*No video for this release.*

<!-- $contentStart -->

## Debugging HD color with the Styles pane {: #color }

New [CSS color types and spaces](/blog/chrome-111-beta/#new-css-color-types-and-spaces) are coming to the web! It is equally exciting that DevTools introduced new tools to help developers create, convert and debug High Definition color. 

The **Styles** pane now supports 12 new color spaces and 7 new gamuts as outlined in the [CSS Color Level 4](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-color-4/) specification. See [High Definition CSS Color Guide](/articles/high-definition-css-color-guide/#debugging-color-with-chrome-devtools) for a comprehensive understanding of color options available on the web.

Here are examples of CSS color definitions with `color()`, `lch()`, `oklab()` and `color-mix()`.
{% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/dA8VCKaSZhNb9gzlAUT9.png", alt="Examples of CSS color definitions.", width="800", height="509" %}

> When using the `color-mix()` function, you can view final output color in the **Computed** pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `color-mix()` function, you can view the final color output in the **Computed** pane.
```

> When using the `color-mix()` function, you can view final output color in the **Computed** pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `color-mix()` function, you can view the final color output in the **Computed** pane.
```

{% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/3VkOGbbb5qLVvo1A1qSa.png", alt="color-mix result in the Computed pane.", width="800", height="487" %}

The color picker supports all the new color spaces with more features. For example, click on the color swatch of `color(display-03 1 0 1)`. A gamut boundary line has also been added, distinguishing between the `sRGB` and `display-p3` gamuts for a clearer understanding of your selected color's gamut.
{% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/bL6uw8VV4cGuDd9hmAjX.png", alt="A gamut boundary line.", width="800", height="657" %}

DevTools supports converting colors between color formats. Use the **Change Color Format** icon to access the conversion popup, or simply use the `Shift` + click on a color swatch in the **Styles** pane.
{% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/uoz3yaPPdVs6T2ASnQ62.png", alt="Converting colors between color formats.", width="800", height="460" %}

> When converting, it's important to know if the conversion was clipped to fit the space. DevTools has a warning icon to the converted color that alerts you to this clipping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When converting, it's important to know if the conversion was clipped to fit the space. DevTools puts a warning icon next to the converted color that alerts you to this clipping.
```

{% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/5Y4rVIqL9rjuSbHcodKr.png", alt="Warning of color clipping.", width="800", height="657" %}

> In addition, you can pick colors from your screen with the new shortcut - press 'c' to activate the eye dropper and hit `Escape` to deactivate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can pick colors from your screen with the new shortcut. Press 'C' to activate the eye dropper and hit `Escape` to deactivate it.
```

{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/5b54410ab252e1cdc882c3a71e86b04c3de055fa #} 
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/392b216dfae9c04697d7d0591af547c2482f7666 #} 
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/9f3432a40c557b3faa3da01fc2ef84e4cf60e66a #} 
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/504995fbfc3bf21bcaf2718b6a469c5f23814936 #} 
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/6cc705a56def86c35d61b45a98371c190f4275e8 #}
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/e9a64d873ac41e8d585e60b4934879abd8ba4977 #} 
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/abe7076d2df519b001dbea807a3aaf5beaa86fc0 #} 

Chromium issues: [1073895](https://crbug.com/1073895), [1395782](https://crbug.com/1395782), 
 [1408777](https://crbug.com/1408777),  [1395782](https://crbug.com/1395782),  [1392717](https://crbug.com/1392717), [1382409](https://crbug.com/1382409), [1392054](https://crbug.com/1392054)

## Enhanced breakpoint UX {: #breakpoint-redesign }

> The redesigned **Breakpoints** pane allows developers to have quick access to commonly used features, in particular deactivating, editing and removing breakpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The redesigned **Breakpoints** pane allows you to have quick access to commonly used features, in particular, deactivating, editing, and removing breakpoints.
```

These are some highlights:
- Both pause exception options moved to the **Breakpoints** pane and labeled with text to make it more self-explanatory.
    {% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/KADuAqVdrxxQDg5AYYeA.png", alt="Pause exception options.", width="800", height="518" %}

> - Breakpoints are grouped by file, ordered by line/column number, and collapsible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Breakpoints are grouped by file, ordered by line or column numbers, and are collapsible.
```

    {% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/AXJ7IL5aJ6gwbZmnoH39.png", alt="Group breakpoints by file.", width="800", height="454" %}

> - New options to deactivate, remove and edit breakpoints when hovering over a breakpoint or file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are new options to deactivate, remove, and edit breakpoints when hovering over a breakpoint or file.
```

    {% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/vAQ4YuWGuXYLxXQXt0HG.png", alt="New options to deactivate breakpoints.", width="800", height="496" %}

> - Click on edit breakpoint to open the breakpoint editor. From here, you can enter the breakpoint condition or switch to logpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click the edit breakpoint button to open the breakpoint editor. From here, you can enter the breakpoint condition or switch to a logpoint.
```

    {% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/SrgbxxF8U3s9yzDPV25q.png", alt="Breakpoint edit dialog.", width="800", height="697" %}

See [JavaScript debugging reference](/docs/devtools/javascript/reference/) to learn how to debug with DevTools.

{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/48b648b65cd05071d1950e50d0b529ff20294780 #} 
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/b6c8a19b3922ed95818b5751f1b6548724ff868c #}
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/0b955a3533292790168431db4e54906d4b1fa64a #} 
Chromium issues: [1407586](https://crbug.com/1407586), [1402891](https://crbug.com/1402891), [1402893](https://crbug.com/1402893)

## Customizable Recorder shortcuts {: #recorder }

Use keyboard shortcuts to record and replay user flows quicker.

The **Recorder** introduces a few convenient keyboard shortcuts for faster recording and replaying of user flows. 

> Don’t remember the shortcuts? No problem, click on the `?` button to view all the shortcuts at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t remember the shortcuts? No problem, click the `?` button to view all the shortcuts at any time.
```

{% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/BJq63X8k89HTdINY2RKu.png", alt="The Recorder shortcuts.", width="800", height="625" %}

You can even customize these shortcuts via the **Settings** menu.
{% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/FtZSO1pPSooAbBrPTGC6.png", alt="Customize Recorder shortcuts.", width="800", height="494" %}

> If you're working in a different panel and want to start a user flow recording, simply use the **Create a new recording** command from the [Command Menu](/docs/devtools/command-menu/) in devtools to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're working in a different panel and want to start a user flow recording, use the **Create a new recording** command from the [Command Menu](/docs/devtools/command-menu/) in DevTools to get started.
```

{% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/fErUqzQ03p5zOk301nTN.png", alt="Create a new recording command.", width="800", height="435" %}

{# https://chrome-internal.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-internal/+/140ffb3e4c5e084eff5522508310af5dd407cf6e #} 
{# https://chrome-internal.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-internal/+/e61fa89b8d073c4ff6b4da3599f83bf5972d5415 #} 
{# https://chrome-internal.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-internal/+/ffc735e599881fec2779477e6c20165e2796da69 #} 
{# https://chrome-internal.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-internal/+/f57026189fb51f801bf2ea2611afcb932fa32bef #} 
{# https://chrome-internal.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-internal/+/0a7c428980b8f8a60e83c780e17f6a6f94007493 #} 
{# https://chrome-internal.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-internal/+/aea51aad7026881ad26ca1b270d12338adb92d79 #} 

Chromium issue: [1339771](https://crbug.com/bbb)

## Better syntax highlight for Angular {: #syntax }

> DevTools enhanced the syntax highlighting for the Angular HTML templates, enabling you to read code more easily and recognize its structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevTools enhanced the syntax highlighting for Angular HTML templates, making it easier for you to read code and recognize its structure.
```

{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/4ec36d2fc5e7506d1ff65fd282a43215164f03f2 #}
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/717953202d0e8463257e09cc3f68a7769fd25300 #}

Chromium issues: [1385374](https://crbug.com/1385374),  [1385678](https://crbug.com/1385678)

## Reorganize caches in the Application panel {: #cache }

The **Cache Storage** pane can now be found in the **Storage** section of the **Application** panel, while the **Back/forward cache** pane has been moved to the **Background Services** section. 
{% Img src="image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/q5ZeDvMc3OseF8fQve5A.png", alt="Caches in the Application panel.", width="800", height="506" %}

{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/adccf1afe5d585b294dee247f5a4982aca8f5f1e  #}

Chromium issue: [1407166](https://crbug.com/1407166)

## Miscellaneous highlights {: #misc }

These are some noteworthy fixes in this release:

- DevTools has been updated to respect the [Disable cache](/docs/devtools/network/reference/#disable-cache) setting when loading sourcemaps. ([1407084](https://crbug.com/1407084))

> - The **Elements** panel now instant autofocus on the first matching element in search results. ([1381853](https://crbug.com/1381853))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Elements** panel now instantly autofocuses on the first matching element in search results. ([1381853](https://crbug.com/1381853))
```
